README.md, before:

# From File  Browser to Terminal

This guide shows you all the ways one can use the terminal in place of the file browser. The intention here is not to completely eliminate use of the file browser entirely, but more as an aid in improving shell skills. It's not implied that all shell commands/methods are easier or more convenient either. This is merely a reference for the sake of practice.

This list is by no means exhaustive. There may be manifold other ways to achieve the same tasks in the terminal but I've listed just one for the sake of brevity and ease of use. I make every effort to list the "standard" way to achieve that task - because to have standards in Linux is [important](https://lwn.net/Articles/658809/).

If you have stumbled across this guide, I hope you find it useful yourself. Possible additions or corrections would certainly be appreciated and of course feel free to fork, clone, or download.

**General Tips:** 
* Make sure you're using [tab completion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_completion) whenever you can to speed things up
* Another important tip

**Important Note:** As with all things Linux, each of these commands leads down their own [rabbit hole](https://xkcd.com/456/) of information and history. This means that in practice some may have more onerous consequences than others if used incorrectly. It's also tempting to want to [copy and paste](http://i.imgur.com/SZPjHwz.jpg) some commands wholesale. Therefore, I've added a little asterisk to each one I feel could use some more research before being used [in the style of William Nilly](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/willy-nilly).

TL;DR

***\**** - Asterisk means: watch out this command can be tricky and/or possibly destructive. See More Info on correct and prudent usage.


| Task | In File Browser | In Terminal | More Info |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| View file type | File browser may have graphical indications of file type, or right-click and choose "Properties" | `file filename.txt` | Link |
| Move file(s) to another directory* | Open two windows/tabs of file browser, select file(s), click and drag from one location to the other | `mv filetomove1.txt filetomove2.txt destinationdirectory` | [Link](http://www.rapidtables.com/code/linux/mv.htm) |
| Create a tar archive(like a zipfile) | Right-click on file, click "Compress" | `tar -cf compressedfile.tar filetocompress.txt` | Link |

## This is what a subheader looks like in case I decide to use subheaders one day

Commit message:

Added more info to manage expectations but also maybe just b/c I like writing

README.md, after:

# From File  Browser to Terminal

This guide shows you all the ways one can use the terminal in place of the file browser. The intention here is not to completely eliminate use of the file browser entirely, but more as an aid in improving shell skills. It's not implied that all shell commands/methods are easier or more convenient than using the file browser either(although in many cases they are). This is merely a reference for the sake of practice.

This list is by no means exhaustive. There may be manifold other ways to achieve the same tasks in the terminal but I've listed just one for the sake of brevity and ease of use. I make every effort to list the "standard" way to achieve that task - because to have standards in Linux is [important](https://lwn.net/Articles/658809/). 

This guide is also not meant as a "Learn the Shell" guide(although it could be a great supplement). You should already be familiar with some basic shell navigation(commands like cd, pwd, ls, etc.). For a great beginner guide, see [here](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_learning_the_shell.php). This guide applies to you if you're using Linux, Unix, macOS, or any Unix-based OS with a terminal emulator and want to increase your familiarity of this extremely powerful tool.

If you have stumbled across this guide, I hope you find it useful yourself. Possible additions or corrections would certainly be appreciated and of course feel free to fork, clone, or download.

**General Tips:** 
* Make sure you're using [tab completion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_completion) whenever you can to speed things up
* Another important tip

**Important Note:** As with all things Linux, each of these commands leads down their own [rabbit hole](https://xkcd.com/456/) of information and history. This means that in practice some may have more onerous consequences than others if used incorrectly. It's also tempting to want to [copy and paste](http://i.imgur.com/SZPjHwz.jpg) some commands wholesale. Therefore, I've added a little asterisk to each one I feel could use some more research before being used [in the style of William Nilly](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/willy-nilly).

**TL;DR**

***\**** - Asterisk means: watch out this command can be tricky and/or possibly destructive. See More Info.

## Basic file management

| Task | In File Browser | In Terminal | More Info |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| Create new file(s) | Right-click and select New File(depending on file browser) | `touch filetocreate1.txt filetocreate2.txt` | Link |
| Create new directory(ies) | Right-click and select New Directory(depending on file browser) | `mkdir directorytocreate1 directorytocreate2` | Link |
| View file type | File browser may have graphical indications of file type, or right-click and choose "Properties" | `file filename.txt` | Link |
| Move file(s) to another directory* | Open two windows/tabs of file browser, select file(s), click and drag from one location to the other | `mv filetomove1.txt filetomove2.txt destinationdirectory` | [Link](http://www.rapidtables.com/code/linux/mv.htm) |

## Compressing, unzipping files/directories

| Task | In File Browser | In Terminal | More Info |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| Create a tar archive(like a zipfile) | Right-click on file, click "Compress" | `tar -cf compressedfile.tar filetocompress.txt` | Link |
